I've been with the same guy.
Henry Hoof just came down at that time and roof was a striking coach.
I met with him since,
you know,
it's a phenomenal coach too.
Amazing coach,
a good striking coach.
So there's those Dutch fundamentals,
meaning he has got it down.
Yeah.
And a lot of,
you know,
there's,
I've seen a lot of different coaches,
different styles.
I don't know.
You know,
I like,
I like a lot of different things.
But the thing with Henry,
he's,
he's very basic because at the end of the day when you're fucking tired and you
can't even hold your arms up and do certain things,
you're just going to do basic regular shit.
Oh,
Jab one,
two.
That's what you're going to do.
Now he's in and he simple,
stupid.
Yeah.
He's very like that.
It keeps it simple.
And that was the way for me to learn it is just from the,
from the bottom up.
I just,
I learned it not,
I don't get it wrong,
Joe.
I can do some of that caution.
Like in practice I'll do a cartwheel kicks,
I'll do the,
all that cool shit.
I can do shit.
Yeah.
That reverse Lukey front sight side taekwondo do I can,
I can try it.
Do you think ever about like moments in fights?
There are moments in fights were a fighter will do something.
Bet.
The best example is Chris Weidman versus Luke Rockhold.
Chris Weidman tries this wheel kick out of nowhere and he misses with it.
Luke gets a hold of them,
dragged him to the ground and beats the shit out of him and it was a real,
Luke has a nasty top came.
Absolutely.
His top came.
It's crushing and he just,
he just ruthless ground and pound and it changed the course of Chris's career in
a lot of ways.
That beating when all,
I mean he lost the title and then he lost other fights afterwards.
But before that he was dominating.
He'd beaten Anderson twice.
He had crushed v tour.
He was a different thing and that it just,
there's these moments,
these pivotal moments in fights when someone just try something,
I mean most of the time you just get away with it.
But sometimes like in that is my go to when I tell people don't try some shit.
That's not your thing.
This is the best example Chris Weidman throwing that we'll kick against Luke
Rockhold yet you gotta.
Um,
and that's part of everything that's grouped in with fight Iq.
You have to be able to assess risk reward and certain things like that.
And that's kind of,
at some point it was a knock on me.
It's like,
oh,
this guy never gets out of position.
He never does any other cool sharing or any of that,
you know,
it's kind of who's giving you that knock.
Fucking people come to me right now,
Joe.
I listened to him all the time.
Yeah.
Like I was saying a long time ago,
it was like this guy's not fucking up.
Yeah.
Like he keeps running through guys and he's beaten guys like a world champion
already.
Yeah.
A lot of people always Kinda,
you know,
like,
Oh,
you didn't do all this.
He's not doing all that.
But the thing with me is,
is being able to assess when,
when I can do that,
when I can't do that.
Like when I fought Rda,
I threw a freaking ax kick in the fifth round.
You know,
I,
and I was,
I that in practice,
I,
I catch guys with it all the time and it's just being able to assess you and you
already have warm.
Yeah.
I knew that there was,
you know,
it's just an opportunity for me to start letting go.
And so I started letting go.
And I don't mean RDA is a tough,
tough dude.
Very tough.
Tough dude.
He's a tweener rod head.
He seems like he's a tweener to me.
Like he's not quite a one 70 I mean,
he could beat a lot of guys.
I won 70 but it's almost like you should be like one 60 or one seven five but
one 55 is too hard of a cut for them these days.
Yeah.
But that's,
that's just,
that's the nature.
Yeah.
Because if we,
if we started saying,
okay,
well we're going to accommodate everybody.
It's never going to stop.
Do you think there should be more weight classes,
but you don't care?
I don't care.
I mean,
70 works for you.